docs(weave): Update Models page with example of pairwise eval (#3739)
wandb/weave: docs/docs/guides/core-types/models.md

        model.predict('world')
    ```

    ## Pairwise evaluation of models

>     When [scoring](../evaluation/scorers.md) models in a Weave [evaluation](../core-types/evaluations.md), absolute value metrics (e.g. `9/10`) are typically less useful than relative ones (e.g. Model A performs better than Model B). _Pairwise evaluation_ allows you to compare the outputs of two models by ranking them relative to each other. This approach is particularly useful when you want to determine which model performs better for subjective tasks such as text generation, summarization, or question answering. With pairwise evaluation, you can obtain a relative preference ranking that reveals which model is best for specific inputs.

Reviewer: it's not that they're less useful (in fact they might be more useful!)

But absolute metrics are harder to assign than relative ones.  For example, given two samples you can probably say which one is better but it would be harder for you to give a score out of 10 for each

Author: Updated language here https://github.com/wandb/weave/pull/3739/commits/afef47967eb0f1bfd113fd8267705432b2017b27

>     When [scoring](../evaluation/scorers.md) models in a Weave [evaluation](../core-types/evaluations.md), absolute value metrics (e.g. `9/10`) are typically less useful than relative ones (e.g. Model A performs better than Model B). _Pairwise evaluation_ allows you to compare the outputs of two models by ranking them relative to each other. This approach is particularly useful when you want to determine which model performs better for subjective tasks such as text generation, summarization, or question answering. With pairwise evaluation, you can obtain a relative preference ranking that reveals which model is best for specific inputs.

Author: Got it, updated language here addressing https://github.com/wandb/weave/pull/3739/files#r1966296229

```suggestion
    When [scoring](../evaluation/scorers.md) models in a Weave [evaluation](../core-types/evaluations.md), absolute value metrics (e.g. `9/10` for Model A and `8/10` for Model B) are typically harder to assign than than relative ones (e.g. Model A performs better than Model B). _Pairwise evaluation_ allows you to compare the outputs of two models by ranking them relative to each other. This approach is particularly useful when you want to determine which model performs better for subjective tasks such as text generation, summarization, or question answering. With pairwise evaluation, you can obtain a relative preference ranking that reveals which model is best for specific inputs.
```

    The following code sample demonstrates how to implement a pairwise evaluation in Weave by creating a [class-based scorer](../evaluation/scorers.md#class-based-scorers) called `PreferenceScorer`. The `PreferenceScorer` compares two models, `ModelA` and `ModelB`, and returns a relative score of the model outputs based on explicit hints in the input text.

    ```python
    from weave import Model, Evaluation, Scorer, Dataset

    class ModelA(Model):
        @weave.op
        def predict(self, input_text: str):
            if "Prefer model A" in input_text:
                return {"response": "This is a great answer from Model A"}
            return {"response": "Meh, whatever"}

    class ModelB(Model):
        @weave.op
        def predict(self, input_text: str):
            if "Prefer model B" in input_text:
                return {"response": "This is a thoughtful answer from Model B"}
            return {"response": "I don't know"}

    class PreferenceScorer(Scorer):
        @weave.op
        async def score(self, output: dict, input_text: str) -> dict:

>             other_output = await self._get_other_model_output(

Reviewer: I think you have to define this.  It was defined on the original PairwiseScorer

Reviewer: The `_get_other_model_output` I mean

Author: Got it, updated here https://github.com/wandb/weave/pull/3739/commits/292bb1cf83055e7ca17dbcd4bcfbd4de0a982c25

    The following code sample demonstrates how to implement a pairwise evaluation in Weave by creating a [class-based scorer](../evaluation/scorers.md#class-based-scorers) called `PreferenceScorer`. The `PreferenceScorer` compares two models, `ModelA` and `ModelB`, and returns a relative score of the model outputs based on explicit hints in the input text.

    ```python
    from weave import Model, Evaluation, Scorer, Dataset
    from weave.flow.model import ApplyModelError, apply_model_async

    class ModelA(Model):
        @weave.op
        def predict(self, input_text: str):
            if "Prefer model A" in input_text:
                return {"response": "This is a great answer from Model A"}
            return {"response": "Meh, whatever"}

    class ModelB(Model):
        @weave.op
        def predict(self, input_text: str):
            if "Prefer model B" in input_text:
                return {"response": "This is a thoughtful answer from Model B"}
            return {"response": "I don't know"}

    class PreferenceScorer(Scorer):
        @weave.op

>         async def _get_other_model_output(self, example: dict) -> Any:
>             """Get output from the other model for comparison.
>             Args:
>                 example: The input example data to run through the other model
>             Returns:
>                 The output from the other model
>             """
> 
>             other_model_result = await apply_model_async(
>                 self.other_model,
>                 example,
>                 None,
>             )
> 
>           if isinstance(other_model_result, ApplyModelError):
>               return None
> 
>           return other_model_result.model_output

Author: ```suggestion
        async def _get_other_model_output(self, example: dict) -> Any:
            """Get output from the other model for comparison.
            Args:
                example: The input example data to run through the other model
            Returns:
                The output from the other model
            """

            other_model_result = await apply_model_async(
                self.other_model,
                example,
                None,
            )

            if isinstance(other_model_result, ApplyModelError):
                return None

            return other_model_result.model_output
```
